Porting guide (#9)
NordicSemiconductor/npmx: PORTING.md

        return NPMX_ERROR_IO;
    }

    while (!nrf_atomic_flag_clear_fetch(&twim_op_done)) {
        __WFE();
    }

    return NPMX_SUCCESS;
}

static npmx_error_t my_i2c_read_function(void * p_context, uint32_t register_address,
        uint8_t * p_data, size_t num_of_bytes)
{
    uint8_t reg_addr[2];

    nrfx_twim_xfer_desc_t desc = {
        .type = NRFX_TWIM_XFER_TXRX,
        .address = NPM1300_ADDR,
        .primary_length = sizeof(reg_addr),
        .secondary_length = num_of_bytes,
        .p_primary_buf = reg_addr,
        .p_secondary_buf = p_data
    };

    reg_addr[0] = register_address >> 8;
    reg_addr[1] = register_address;

    nrfx_err_t err = nrfx_twim_xfer(&twim, &desc, 0U);
    if (err) {
        return NPMX_ERROR_IO;
    }

    while (!nrf_atomic_flag_clear_fetch(&twim_op_done)) {
        __WFE();
    }

    return NPMX_SUCCESS;
}

static void my_twim_init_function(void)
{
    nrfx_err_t nrfx_err = nrfx_twim_init(&twim, &twim_config, my_twim_event_handler, NULL);
    APP_ERROR_CHECK_BOOL(nrfx_err == NRFX_SUCCESS);

    nrfx_twim_enable(&twim);
}
```

After `npmx_core_init` is called with the TWI functions, you can start using npmx functions.

> > **_NOTE:_**  Be aware of the context you are calling npmx functions from, as they will call the TWI functions directly. For example, if npmx functions are called from an interrupt with higher priority than TWI, you could risk a deadlock.

Author: It's not supposed to be hidden. I think the > is a typo. I will change it to use the same note format as in your previous suggestions

## Interrupt processing

> In order for nPM13xx PMIC to signal interrupts, one of the GPIOs must be configured accordingly. This is done using the `npmx_gpio_mode_set` function. Below is an example of configuring nPM1300 GPIO3 as an interrupt signal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for nPM13xx PMIC to signal interrupts, one of the GPIOs must be configured accordingly. This is done using the `npmx_gpio_mode_set` function. Below is an example of configuring nPM1300 GPIO3 as an interrupt output.
```

# Porting guide

This document serves as a basic guide for porting npmx to a new hardware platform or SDK.

## Hardware dependencies

npmx uses the the following hardware functionalities:

* (mandatory) TWI (Two-wire interface, also called I2C) - Used for communication with the PMIC
* (optional) GPIO -  Used for interrupt and power failure signalling

## Compiler configuration

To inform npmx of which device you are compiling for, nPM1300 or nPM1304, add their definitions to your preprocessor settings. For example:

```
CFLAGS += -DNPM1300
```

Compile the following .c files:

```
 .
 ├── backends
 │   └── npmx_backend.c
 └── drivers
     ├── npmx_adc.c
     ├── npmx_buck.c
     ├── npmx_charger.c
     ├── npmx_common.c
     ├── npmx_core.c
     ├── npmx_errlog.c
     ├── npmx_gpio.c
     ├── npmx_ldsw.c
     ├── npmx_led.c
     ├── npmx_pof.c
     ├── npmx_ship.c
     ├── npmx_timer.c
     └── npmx_vbusin.c
```

Add the following include directories:

```
 .
 ├── backends
 └── drivers/include
```

> [!NOTE]

> > This includes the npmx root directory where this porting guide is located.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> This includes the `npmx` root directory where this porting guide is located.
```

                                               uint8_t * p_data,
                                               size_t    num_of_bytes);
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The nPM13xx PMICs uses 16-bit register addresses, in big endian format. The TWI functions needs to handle this.

To inform npmx of these functions, call the `npmx_core_init` function, as in the following example:

```
#include <npmx.h>
#include <npmx_core.h>
#include <npmx_instance.h>

static npmx_instance_t npm1300_instance;
static npmx_backend_t npm1300_backend;

static npmx_error_t my_i2c_write_function(void * p_context, uint32_t register_address,
    uint8_t * p_data, size_t num_of_bytes);
static npmx_error_t my_i2c_read_function(void * p_context, uint32_t register_address,
    uint8_t * p_data, size_t num_of_bytes);

static void my_npmx_initialization_function(void)
{
    npm1300_backend.p_read = my_i2c_read_function;
    npm1300_backend.p_write = my_i2c_write_function;
    npm1300_backend.p_context = NULL; // Optional context for our use

    npmx_error_t npmx_err = npmx_core_init(&npm1300_instance, &npm1300_backend, NULL, true);
    // TODO: Verify that npmx_err == NPMX_SUCCESS
}
```

> See the example implementations of the I2C `read` and `write` functions using nRF5 SDK as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the example implementations of the I2C `read` and `write` functions using nRF5 SDK as follows:

```

## Interrupt processing

To make the nPM13xx PMIC signal the interrupts, one of the GPIOs must be configured accordingly using the `npmx_gpio_mode_set` function. See the following example of configuring nPM1300 GPIO3 as an interrupt output:

```
npmx_error_t ret;

ret = npmx_gpio_mode_set(npmx_gpio_get(&npm1300_instance, 3), NPMX_GPIO_MODE_OUTPUT_IRQ);
// TODO: Verify that ret == NPMX_SUCCESS
```

This GPIO must be connected to a host processor GPIO that must be configured to generate interrupts. You must implement this hardware-specific function.

The application must provide callback functions for each interrupt type it wants to receive and enable these interrupts. Use the `npmx_core_register_cb` and `npmx_core_event_interrupt_enable` functions for this.

When an interrupt is detected on the host processor side, npmx must be informed of this using the `npmx_core_interrupt` function. This sets a flag in npmx. The actual interrupt processing happens when the `npmx_core_proc` function is called. It reads and clears the event registers, and triggers callback functions registered by the application.

> > [!IMPORTANT]
> > `npmx_core_interrupt` can be safely called from an interrupt handler, but `npmx_core_proc` should not be. `npmx_core_proc` performs TWI read/write operations and calls user-registered callbacks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> You can safely call `npmx_core_interrupt` from an interrupt handler.
> Do not call `npmx_core_proc` as it performs TWI read/write operations and calls user-registered callbacks.
```
